Improve WebSocket Service for GraphQL Subscriptions (#789)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-graphql: docs/spec/spec.md

### 2.1 Listener

Since the GraphQL spec does not mandate an underlying client-server protocol, a GraphQL implementation can use any protocol underneath. The Ballerina GraphQL package, like most of the other implementations, uses HTTP as the protocol. The Ballerina GraphQL listener is using an HTTP listener to listen to incoming requests through HTTP.
If the schema contains the `Subscription` type, The GraphQL listener will establish a new WebSocket listener to listen to incoming subscription requests.

> In Ballerina, WebSocket is used as the communication protocol for GraphQL subscriptions as it is capable of dispatching data continuously while maintaining a persistent connection. Additionally, Ballerina GraphQL supports `graphql-transport-ws` and `graphql-ws` websocket sub-protocols in subscriptions. If a WebSocket connection is established with one of these underlying sub-protocols, all the subscription responses will be wrapped in a standard message structure defined in their [specification](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-ws/blob/master/PROTOCOL.md). If a subscription request occurs without a sub-protocol, responses will be dispatched according to the usual behavior.

Reviewer: What is "usual behavior"? Shall we describe that as well?

Author: Sure

### 2.1 Listener

Since the GraphQL spec does not mandate an underlying client-server protocol, a GraphQL implementation can use any protocol underneath. The Ballerina GraphQL package, like most of the other implementations, uses HTTP as the protocol. The Ballerina GraphQL listener is using an HTTP listener to listen to incoming requests through HTTP.

> If the schema contains the `Subscription` type, The GraphQL listener will establish a new WebSocket listener to listen to incoming subscription requests.

Reviewer: Let's add two sub-topics for `2.1.1 HTTP Listener` and `2.1.2 WebSocket Listener`.

> In Ballerina, WebSocket is used as the communication protocol for GraphQL subscriptions as it is capable of dispatching data continuously while maintaining a persistent connection. Additionally, Ballerina GraphQL supports `graphql-transport-ws` and `graphql-ws` websocket sub-protocols in subscriptions. If a WebSocket connection is established with one of these underlying sub-protocols, all the subscription responses will be wrapped in a standard message structure defined in their [specification](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-ws/blob/master/PROTOCOL.md). In a standard response, it includes JSON fields for `type`, `id`, and `payload`. The `type` field specifies the message type of the response. And the `id` field is used to uniquely identify the client. And the `payload` field includes the GraphQL response returned from the GraphQL engine. If a subscription request occurs without a sub-protocol, only the GraphQL response will be dispatched. All the responses will be converted to text before sending them to the clients.

Reviewer: `All the responses will be converted to text before sending them to the clients` Is this true? Aren't we sending the responses as JSON?

#### 3.1.3 The `Subscription` Type

> `Subscription` is a root operation type in GraphQL schema but unlike queries, it is an optional type. In Ballerina, the service itself is the schema and all the subscription resolvers in the GraphQL service are mapped to fields in the root `Subscription` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Subscription` type in a GraphQL schema is used to continuously fetch data from a GraphQL service. In Ballerina, each `resource` method with the `subscribe` accessor inside a GraphQL service is mapped to a field in the root `Subscription` type. 
```

#### 3.1.3 The `Subscription` Type

> The `Subscription` type in a GraphQL schema is used to continuously fetch data from a GraphQL service. In Ballerina, each `resource` method with the `subscribe` accessor inside a GraphQL service is mapped to a field in the root `Subscription` type. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Subscription` type in a GraphQL schema is used to continuously fetch data from a GraphQL service. In Ballerina, each `resource` method with the `subscribe` accessor inside a GraphQL service is mapped to a field in the root `Subscription` type.
```

```
> **Note:** The field enable accepts a `boolean` that denotes whether the client is enabled or not. By default, it has been set to `false`. The optional field `path` accepts a valid `string` for the GraphiQL service. If the path is not given in the configuration, `/graphiql` is set as the default path.

#####  9.1.5.1 GraphiQL for Subscriptions
GraphiQL uses WebSockets as the communication protocol for Subscription requests. And there is an underlying sub protocol called `graphql-transport-ws` which follows a standard message structure for subscriptions defined in the [specification](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-ws/blob/master/PROTOCOL.md). Since GraphiQL follows the same sub protocol, all the subscription requests/responses will be wrapped in this format.

> **Note:** There is another supported sub protocol named `graphql-ws`. GraphQL playground follows that sub protocol for subscriptions.  
> If a subscription request occurs without a sub-protocol, responses will be dispatched according to the usual behavior. 

> 

Reviewer: This information about the protocols should come under the section `2.1 Listener`. There's not point of having them here.
